Do we have the option that college dedicated fight over just this one is a cool option.
You reserve one or as much host for dedicated server.
If we click my tent which was for example to host one of those.
Of course you can chose all the host to be dedicated.
That's me and your daughter that is out of service.
Your shows do.
Available has to make them for dedicated.
Hi everybody.
So what does me in this situation where do we choose for example.
I want a dedicated fight over let's meet in our environment.
We're going to work with this one and this one and we have our host is free from any virtual machine.
It's in the standby mode.
That's me.
No one is this host.
It will keep free of do you in.
We have a problem that's needed in our situation right.
We've put this house into standby and we use this to our hosts in our environment if inappropriate happen
to this host.
Negrete How does this must of course Wall Street migrate and reboot them.
Because this one is out of service when we talk about the height or ability we talk about.
Do the rebooting reboot the vision machine inside this house because the source is dead then the virtual
machine will be voted off.
They will try to power on them in this host.
So when we have this one have a file over then all the virtual machine exists indisposed we departed
in this house.
Then when this host back to life ultimately we'll make great victory in Washington D.C. one.
So the situation is not too high.
Everybody would use the commission because we have this House voted on and this house also voted on
so it will veto motion and they will back and run to this host smoothly without any problem.
Then if this horse fight over and out of service it will not be boots on the vitriol in this host for
this horse was understandable.
Did he make it this horse back to life and use the vitriol machine into the administration or fix the
fight over in this host.
So this is the minute of the decades fight over Haast in the big company the chose about 10 20 Haast
for dedicated to ALLERT fired or into the situation or the file over of the host.